New doc | Preview authentication with subscription selector (#4255)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/authenticate-azure-cli.md

| [Sign in interactively (preview)](./authenticate-azure-cli-preview.md) | This option prompts you to pick your subscription at time of login using the [az login](/cli/azure/reference-index#az-login) command. This authentication option is for Windows and macOS only.
| [Sign in using a service principal](./authenticate-azure-cli-service-principal.md) | When you write scripts, using a service principal is the recommended approach. You grant just the appropriate permissions needed to a service principal keeping your automation secure.
| [Sign in with a managed identity](./authenticate-azure-cli-managed-identity.md) | A common challenge for developers is the management of secrets, credentials, certificates, and keys used to secure communication between services. Using a managed identity eliminates the need for you to manage these credentials.
| [Sign in using Web Account Manager (WAM)](./authenticate-azure-cli-web-account-manager.md) | WAM is a Windows 10+ component that acts as an authentication broker. WAM provides enhanced security and enhancements are shipped with Windows.

## Find or change your current subscription

> After you sign in, CLI commands are run against your default subscription. If you have multiple subscriptions, you can change your default subscription using `az account set --subscription`. Another option is to upgrade to Azure CLI [preview x.xx.xx]() that provides a subscription list as login and prompts you to accept or select a new default subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you sign in, CLI commands are run against your default subscription. If you have multiple subscriptions, you can change your default subscription using `az account set --subscription`. Another option is to use the Azure CLI [preview x.xx.xx]() that provides a subscription list as login and prompts you to accept or select a new default subscription.
```
